---
title: infra-interest agenda 2025-08-13
---


First meeting!  We'll take the time to understand the variety of skill levels of participants, get to know eachother, and help everyone get acquainted with a homelab.

## Attendance

Host: Rechner
In-person: NIC, Geo,Scout,Christen,Bandit, BocumaTaters, twobitsorcerer 
Online: Earthshine, Georninja 

## Introductions. Name, background, goals or interests for the meeting.

* Rechner (he/him): Pawprint CTO, infra engineer dayjob, electronics and ham radio nerd.
* NIC (he/him): Sysadmin, many network and endpoint, talk to me about phones. my goal is four nines.
* Earthshine : the document is bouncing up and down on my phone so I can't see what I'm typing. windows omg me toooo, refreshing helped
* Bocuma (he/him): Raccoon, web dev, machinist, electronics hobbyist
* Scout (He/They): Student at SJSU, also junior systems administrator at same place. I use arch btw.
* Geo (he/him): I bamboozle electrified sand for a living
* Georninja (He/Him): Also student at SJSU, former student assistant and teaching associate there as well, managed lab infrastructure for Department of Engineering Technology. Just graduated (well pending final report so technically a student until that goes through) in Network Engineering. I have a small homelab at home using UniFi and Meraki equipment. Master's Project was creating a homelab and IoT system using Home Assistant. Unemployed now, but I have interests in security systems, fire alarm systems, access conrol, and ham radio.  
* Bandit (He/Him): I am a big nerd for radios, and all things electronics, I like to play with access control and RFID things, along with regular old radios digital and analog. I have a pretty big homelab that I play with, and I like to make horrible networking monstrosities.
* Taters (Any/All): Jack of all trades
Aramdana (she/her)
* Twobitsorcerer (he/him): worked on Azure cloud offerings at a previous job (and at cloud village)
* Christen (any/all): Failed electrical engineer.  First foray into infra was getting a laptop for college and immediately installing Slackware on it and never doing homework again.  Been dabbling off and on.  Trying to be more hands on and social since a possible autoimmune disease keeps me from sitting still by myself too long.

## Lesson or demo

* Getting your home lab started
* Peek behind the pawprint infra curtain ☢️

## Questions & discussion

## OS recommendations:
- Ubuntu (Get the LTS version)
- Debian
- Virtualization (Proxmox)
    
## A note about PPP infrastructure
- Be cautious about working in the PPP rack. There are mission-critical workloads that can affect access control if broken.
- Ideally, get permission from system owners or maintainers before making changes.

## Readings & exercises for future meetings
